lua: enable JIT for macOS by default (#12925)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-noticket-jit-enable-macos.md

## bugfix/luajit

> The JIT engine is now not disabled on Tarantool startup for macOS builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JIT engine is now enabled on Tarantool startup for macOS builds.
```

Author: Thanks for the review!
Fixed your comment and force-pushed the branch:

```diff
diff --git a/changelogs/unreleased/gh-noticket-jit-enable-macos.md b/changelogs/unreleased/gh-noticket-jit-enable-macos.md
index c6d75451d..f65de77ae 100644
--- a/changelogs/unreleased/gh-noticket-jit-enable-macos.md
+++ b/changelogs/unreleased/gh-noticket-jit-enable-macos.md
@@ -1,3 +1,3 @@
 ## bugfix/luajit
 
-The JIT engine is now not disabled on Tarantool startup for macOS builds.
+The JIT engine is now enabled on Tarantool startup for macOS builds.
```
